Results 2/N (Total 3/N) (#162)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/04.results.md

Indeed, we observed significant upregulation (ANOVA p < 0.01) of the KRAS signaling pathway in LGATs (*Figure {@fig:Fig4}4B).

#### Embryonal tumors (N = 131)
*Figure {@fig:Fig2}2B* depicts the oncoprint for 131 primary embryonal tumors within the OpenPBTA. 
The majority (N = 97) are medulloblastomas and span the spectrum of molecular subtypes: WNT, SHH, Group3, and Group 4 (see *Molecular Subtyping of CNS Tumors*) as well as mutational landscape. 
We detected canonical _SMARCB1/SMARCA4_ deletions or inactivating mutations in atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors (ATRTs) and C19MC amplification in the embryonal tumors with multilayer rosettes (ETMRs) [@doi:10.1007/s00401-020-02182-2; @doi:10.1093/neuonc/noab178; @doi:10.1186/s40478-020-00984-9; @doi:10.1038/nature22973].

#### Diffuse astrocytic and oligodendroglial tumors

> In *Figure {@fig:Fig2}2C*, we show an oncoprint for diffuse midline gliomas (DMGs, N = 34) and non-midline high-grade gliomas (N = 29) biopsied at diagnosis. The single oligodendroglioma sample in the OpenPBTA does not contain mutations in the genes shown and is therefore not present in this oncoprint. 

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about this, but all the other sections start the same way, so this one stood out. 
```suggestion
*Figure {@fig:Fig2}C* depicts an oncoprint for diffuse midline gliomas (DMGs, N = 34) and non-midline high-grade gliomas (N = 29) biopsied at diagnosis.
The single oligodendroglioma sample in the OpenPBTA does not contain mutations in the genes shown and is therefore not present in this oncoprint. 
```

The two tumors with ultra-high tumor mutation burden (TMB) (> 100 Mutations/Mb) were from patients with known mismatch repair deficiency syndrome [@doi:10.1093/neuonc/noz192].
Gene set enrichment analysis showed upregulation (ANOVA p < 0.01) of DNA repair, G2M checkpoint, and MYC pathways as well as downregulation of the TP53 pathway (*Figure {@fig:Fig2}4B*).

#### Other CNS tumors (N = 199)
*Figure {@fig:Fig2}2D* depicts an oncoprint for the remaining primary CNS tumors within OpenPBTA. 
We observed 8% (X/131) of tumors to be C11orf95::RELA fusion positive ependymomas and 12% (X/131) to be adamantinomatous craniopharayngiomas driven by mutations in _CTNNB1_. 
Multiple cancer types contained somatic mutations or fusions in _NF2_ (7%, comprised of ependymomas, desmoplastic infantile astrocytoma and ganglioglioma, …, and …) and _BRAF_ (4%), in addition to rare ependymoma fusions (< 4% of all embryonal tumors) in _YAP1_, _KRAS_, _ERBB4_, and _MYB_. 

> The majority of dysembryoplastic tumors harbored alterations in _FGFR1_, including _FGFR1::TACC1_ fusions [@doi:10.1007/s00401-016-1539-z; @doi:10.1038/s41525-017-0014-7; @doi:10.3171/2019.8.JNS191266; @doi:10.1007/s11060-020-03509-5; @doi:10.1016/j.jaad.2017.05.059; @doi:10.1016/j.ccell.2015.04.002; @doi:10.1186/s40478-020-01056-8; @doi:10.1007/s00381-017-3481-3].

Reviewer: Just noting this is a very large number of citations for a pretty simple statement!
